Add a new extension to the list and small fixes (#156)
FreeTubeApp/FreeTube-Docs: usage/browser-extension.md

permalink: /usage/browser-extension/
---

You can use the following extensions to open YouTube links directly in FreeTube:

> - LibRedirect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/)
```

> - RedirectTube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [RedirectTube](https://github.com/MStankiewiczOfficial/RedirectTube)
```

> [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To make it work, you’ll need to enable the relevant option in the advanced settings of extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To make it work, you’ll need to select FreeTube as Frontend in the Services settings of the extension.
```

> [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To make it work, you’ll need to select FreeTube as Frontend in the Services settings of the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To ensure proper functionality, select FreeTube as Frontend in the Services settings of the extension.
```

> [RedirectTube](https://github.com/MStankiewiczOfficial/RedirectTube), doesn’t automatically open YouTube links in FreeTube. Instead, it adds buttons to the toolbar and context menu, which you can click to open videos in FreeTube manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RedirectTube, doesn’t automatically open YouTube links in FreeTube. Instead, it adds buttons to the toolbar and context menu, which you can click to open videos in FreeTube manually.
```

> - Download LibRedirect from [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/libredirect/) (for Firefox based-browsers) or [Chrome Web Store](https://libredirect.github.io/download_chromium.html) (for Chrome and Chromium-based browsers).

Reviewer 2: I want to point out that the `Chrome Web Store` link points to its page and it has no Chrome Web Store page
Not sure how to make it clearer/better but at least it's not `Chrome Web Store` at least

Reviewer: We could remove the part about the stores and do something like:

`Download LibRedirect for [Chrome and Chromium-based browsers](url)`

Author: You're right! I didn't notice because that's how it was until now. I will correct it right away.

Author: It could be written that it can be downloaded from the creators' website

permalink: /usage/browser-extension/
---

You can use the following extensions to open YouTube links directly in FreeTube:

- LibRedirect
- RedirectTube

> [LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To make it work, you’ll need to enable the relevant option in the advanced settings of each extension.

Reviewer: Rechecked if this still held up but it didnt

```suggestion
[LibRedirect](https://libredirect.github.io/) automatically redirect YouTube links to FreeTube. To make it work, you’ll need to select FreeTube as Frontend in the Services settings of the extension.
```

> [RedirectTube](https://github.com/MStankiewiczOfficial/RedirectTube), on the other hand, doesn’t automatically open YouTube links in FreeTube. Instead, it adds buttons to the toolbar and context menu, which you can click to open videos in FreeTube manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RedirectTube](https://github.com/MStankiewiczOfficial/RedirectTube), doesn’t automatically open YouTube links in FreeTube. Instead, it adds buttons to the toolbar and context menu, which you can click to open videos in FreeTube manually.
```

- Download LibRedirect from [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/libredirect/) (for Firefox based-browsers) or [Chrome Web Store](https://libredirect.github.io/download_chromium.html) (for Chrome and Chromium-based browsers).

> - Download from [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/redirecttube/) (for Firefox based-browsers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download RedirectTube from [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/redirecttube/) (for Firefox based-browsers).
```
